************************
CS-Cart 4.10.1 Changelog
************************

=============================
New Features and Improvements
=============================

[+] Abandoned carts: Ability to convert abandoned cart to an order added.

[+] Add-ons: Maps and geolocation: This new add-on now handles the map providers supported in CS-Cart, such as Google Maps and Yandex Maps.

[+] Add-ons: Mobile Application: A new field for uploading a file with push notification configuration was added to the add-on settings.

[+] Add-ons: PayPal payments: 3-D Secure support for Payflow Pro added.

[+] Add-ons: Re:Plain: Ability to add Telegram Re:Plain chat to the storefront was added.

[+] Add-ons: Stores and pickup points: Ability to set shipping time and rate for each location was added.

[+] Admin panel: Ability to view system messages in Notifications Center added.

[+] Admin panel: Dashboard: The dashboard itself now always loads quickly, regardless of how long it takes for the content to load.

[+] Add-ons: Mobile application: Settings for Apple Pay were added.

[+] Admin panel: Global options: The interface on the list of global options was improved.

[+] Admin panel: Phone numbers: All phone numbers are now displayed as callable links.

[+] Checkout: New checkout page was added. It can be configured via block manager as you see fit. Old step-by-step checkout was moved to the separate add-on. After the upgrade, the checkout page won’t change without your consent.

[+] Design: Blocks: Social links: Instagram icon was added.

[+] Design: Email templates: Documents: Ability to display an order pickup point data in email notifications added.

[+] Design: Layouts: Ability to manage checkout layout from the storefront was added.

[+] Design: Layouts: Ability to specify visibility of blocks on specific screen sizes and to preview the corresponding layouts added.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Admin panel: Statistics by vendors were added to the dashboard.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Button "Go to administration panel" was added to the "My account" block for vendors who have signed in as customers.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Export/Import: Vendors: The "Date added" field was added into available fields for vendors export/import.

[+] Multi-Vendor: The ability to invite vendors by email was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Statistics about active and out of stock products was added to verndor's page.

[+] Orders: Saved searches: New CS-Cart & Multi-Vendor installations now have new saved searches for orders.

[+] Products: Filters: New filter type added for filtering products by color.

[+] Products: Images: The ability to switch between images via swipe on touch screens was added.

[+] Products: The label about free shipping was added to the product list.

[+] Shipping methods: Ability to set different shipping time for each location was added to shipping methods with manual rate calculation.

[+] User groups: Privileges: The design for setting up user group privileges was improved.

[+] Users: Profile fields: New phone numbers can only be entered in the international format (+1234567890). The field won't accept extra digits or other symbols.

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Abandoned carts: The interface was improved.

[*] Add-ons: Advanced products import: Execution timeout was added for loading remote images; it prevents situations when it's taking too long for the image to load.

[*] Add-ons: Advanced products import: The maximum number of features available on the "Fields mapping" tab is no longer limited to 150.

[*] Add-ons: Blog: The list of posts is now split into pages. If you had multiple parent pages for blog posts, switch between those pages with the search mechanism in the right sidebar.

[*] Add-ons: HiDPI displays support: Multiple technical improvements were made. The add-on now uses the "srcset" attribute instead of JavaScript logic.

[*] Add-ons: Image zoom: Deprecated image zooming library was replaced.

[*] Add-ons: Old Admin Panel: The add-on no longer comes with CS-Cart & Multi-Vendor by default. Existing installations will still have it after the upgrade.

[*] Add-ons: Product variations: Variations have been reworked improved significantly (filtering, import, presentation), and are now based on features rather than options. The add-on is now out of beta.

[*] Add-ons: SEO: Information about product images was added to meta data for Google Rich Snippet.

[*] Add-ons: Social buttons: The default code for Yandex.Share buttons was updated.

[*] Add-ons: Social login: The third-party library used in the add-on was updated to the latest version.

[*] Add-ons: Store locator: The add-on was renamed to "Stores and pickup points" to reflect that it now allows creating a “Pick up from store” shipping method. All map-related settings were removed from the add-on, because maps are now handled by “Maps and geolocation”.

[*] Add-ons: Stores and pickup points: the "Store locator" menu item moved from the "Add-ons" to the "Administration" section.

[*] Admin panel: Categories picker: The interface for selecting categories from tree has been improved.

[*] Admin panel: Dashboard: Recent activity: SQL query for recent events was optimized.

[*] Admin panel: Locations were renamed to Rate Areas in the "Administration > Shipping & Taxes" menu; the statuses of orders, shipments, and gift certificates are now located in a new submenu "Administration > Statuses".

[*] Checkout: Sign-in pop-up was improved.

[*] Color picker: Spectrum color picker library was updated.

[*] Core: Deprecated functions were removed.

[*] Core: Error page: A page of internal server error now returns the correct HTTP code (500, not 503).

[*] Core: JavaScript: jQuery was updated to version 3.3.1.

[*] Design: Admin panel: Tooltips on hover are no longer displayed on mobile devices.

[*] Design: Cart content: The "Recalculate" button was removed; the cart is now recalculated automatically.

[*] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct customer-to-vendor payments (Beta): Add-on updated to work properly with the new single-page checkout.

[*] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Comments and reviews: The button for leaving a review on a vendor's page now works the same way as the button on the product page—customers always see it, but may need to sign in to leave a review.

[*] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: PayPal Adaptive Payments: The name and description of add-on were updated: the add-on no longer deprecated.

[*] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: The validation of whether or not an email address is correct was improved.

[*] Orders: Incomplete orders are now displayed on the main list of orders in the administration panel.

[*] Orders: Search for new orders has been removed; instead, the ability to search for orders without a manager was added.

[*] Payments methods: SagePay: A deprecated function "mcrypt" was replaced by "openssl".

[*] Products: Features: The product feature editing page was improved.

[*] Products: Options: Only global option can now be added to product through admin panel.

[*] Products: Options: Product-specific options now have the "Code"field (internal name) just like global options.

[*] Settings: Some settings were moved from the "General" section to "Checkout".

[*] Themes: Styles: The "+" symbol and spaces at the beginning and at the end of style name are now forbidden.

[*] Users: An API key is now visible in the interface only once, before saving. After you save it, the database will contain only the key's hash.

[*] Users: Customers: The list of customers in the admin panel now shows customers' phone numbers instead of the "Type" column.

=========
Bug Fixes
=========

[!] Abandoned carts: Product count language variable was displayed incorrectly for languages that have multiple plural forms. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: A modifier longer than 1 000 symbols was treated as incorrect, and it was impossible to use modifiers for some purposes because of that. Fixed; the maximum length of a modifier was increased to 50 000 symbols.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: Fields mapping didn't display data when filename was encoded. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: Mathematical operations with comma as decimal delimiter worked incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced import: Modifier "case" didn't work properly when a value contained delimiters or brackets. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Buy together: Reward points: A PHP Notice occurred on the cart page when product combination was added to the cart and when the product property "Allow payment by points" was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Call requests: When an administrator was editing the settings of order, the payment method wasn't saved if no payment method was chosen. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Gift certificates: If a gift certificate included a downloadable product, the product was available for download even before the gift certificate's code was used. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Google reCAPTCHA: Empty value for the "Excluded countries" field was not saved. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Mobile application: The add-on’s styles conflicted with global styles. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Mobile application: The layout identifier in config file did not take the active theme into account. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Newsletters: The subscription block was not displayed correctly in Internet Explorer 11. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal Payments: Multiple instances of In-Context Checkout payments led to the cart page being continuously reloaded. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal Payments: PayPal Express Checkout: A PHP Notice occurred when an administrator tried to configure PayPal via the configuration master. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal Payments: The status of order was Incomplete when a customer returned to the previous page via browser after payment. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: RMA: Order return info wasn't cleared before reordering. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: A 301 redirect wasn't generated for all languages, when language code was used in the SEO name. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: Import: If the imported file contained an empty field called "SEO name" and had no "Product name", then product SEO names were reset to use product IDs. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: Watermarks: When SEO and Watermarks add-ons were installed and access to original size images was denied, original images couldn't be accessed via direct link. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: An SQL error occurred during indexation: "Column 'list_price' in field list is ambiguous". Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: Product quantity was imported incorrectly if product inventory was set to "Do not track". Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: Sorting by product position in the category on a search results page didn't work. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Social login: When the comment & review form requested a customer to sign in, it didn't offer signing in via social networks. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: the product preview logic did not work when company status is "pending". Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: Shipping methods: In some cases it is impossible to save the delivery data. Fixed.

[!] Ajax: If the administrator wrote the store’s domain name with uppercase letters in config.local.php, it could lead to various problems. Fixed.

[!] Authorization: Sign-in didn't occur if a redirection occurred after registration. Fixed.

[!] Cart: Subtotal on the cart page was displayed without discount when the "Estimate shipping cost on cart page" setting was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Core: Admin panel: Syntax errors fixed.

[!] Core: Errors and notices occurred on PHP 7.3. Fixed.

[!] Core: JS: The prepareHash method for UTF-8 characters had implicit conversion. Fixed.

[!] Core: Settings: Function isExist() always returned True. Fixed.

[!] Design: Admin panel: Color picker had wrong position. Fixed.

[!] Design: Admin panel: Notifications overlapped the menus. Fixed.

[!] Design: Admin panel: Templates: Some theme directories did not appear, depending on the name. Fixed.

[!] Design: Admin panel: The name of the "All" tab on the list of recent orders on the dashboard couldn't be translated into any other language. Fixed.

[!] Design: An incorrect error message was displayed on the form when the email field was empty. Fixed.

[!] Design: Blocks: Menu: A link in the menu required two taps on an iPad. Fixed.

[!] Design: Blocks: Menu: In RTL mode, drop-down menu items could be displayed outside the page. Fixed.

[!] Design: Catalog: Links to categories on the "dispatch=categories.catalog" page lead to the main page of the store. Fixed.

[!] Design: Checkout: The message about pickup point being required wasn't displayed on mobile devices. Fixed.

[!] Design: Layouts: The "Cancel" button didn't work when an administrator was editing block settings on the product edit page. Fixed.

[!] Design: Menu: Active Menu items were highlighted incorrectly when SEO add-on was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Design: RTL: On the detailed product page in the mobile mode, the product navigation buttons did not have the correct icons.

[!] Design: RTL: Social buttons: Google Plus button script broke the page if an RTL language was selected. Fixed.

[!] Design: RTL: Social buttons: Pinterest button had wrong position. Fixed.

[!] Design: RTL: Tree structures (for example, categories and their subcategories) were displayed incorrectly in RTL languages. Fixed.

[!] E-mail templates: Documents: The attached document was called "invoices" for all types of documents. Fixed.

[!] Geolocation: The customer location information changed when an admin acted on behalf of a customer. Fixed.

[!] Hooks: Products: Quick view: The closing hook tag in quick_view.tpl was in a wrong place. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct customer-to-vendor payments: When an order was reordered, products from different vendors were added into the same cart. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct customer-to-vendor payments: Add-on didn't work on PHP 7.3. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct customer-to-vendor payments: PayPal payments: PHP warnings occurred on checkout when the payment method tab was changed. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Bestsellers & On-Sale Products: Vendors could edit sales amount of a product themselves and make their products more prominent that way. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Comments and Reviews: Vendor privileges: Ability of vendor to add, update and view comments and reviews wasn't properly controlled by user group privileges. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Customer-to-Vendor Communication: Error appeared during re-installation of the add-on. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Direct сustomer-to-vendor payments (Beta): A payment text data was always displayed in the admin area language, despite the payment language setting. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Direct customer-to-vendor payments (Beta): PayPal: Payment methods created via the "Connect to PayPal" buttons were assigned to the store owner, and a vendor was redirected to the administration panel instead of the vendor panel. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect: RMA: Refunds via Stripe Connect didn't work. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor Locations (Beta): If Google API key was restricted to a specific domain, geolocation didn't work. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: When an administrator changed one product in the product list, the status of all products from the page changed to Pending. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor Plans: The Plan selection field was too narrow in the advanced search for vendors. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor plans: There was a typo in the vendor_plan_get_list hook. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Design: Blocks: The text in the "Vendor information" block had incorrect alignment. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Export: Orders: Vendors couldn't export orders. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: JS: Delete button was shown to vendor even when deleting was impossible. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Privileges: Administrator could see information about vendors even without a necessary privilege. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Product options: Vendor couldn't delete a global option link. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: A vendor's page was available via direct link even when the vendor's status was set to "Disabled". Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Profile fields: User's first name and last name were swapped after registration as a vendor. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Upon creation of a new vendor, unticking the "Create administrator account" checkbox disabled the required fields. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Multiple PHP Notices occurred on the preview of a product. Fixed.

[!] Order management: Profile fields: On the order viewing and editing page, an empty Billing address block was displayed. Fixed.

[!] Order management: Email notifications were not sent when an order with products of multiple vendors was created in the administration panel. Fixed.

[!] Password recovery: The password recovery link didn't work for a user with user_id=2. Fixed.

[!] Payments methods: Winbank: Payments were not processed. Fixed.

[!] Products: Features: When a feature’s type was changed and the feature variants were deleted, the feature didn't disappear from the product page if it had been specified for the product earlier. Fixed.

[!] Products: Search: The product search results were wrong in the customer area when search in pages was enabled under "Settings > General". Fixed.

[!] Profile fields: PHP 7.3: A PHP notice occurred when a new profile field was created. Fixed.

[!] REST API: Null was returned as a language-specific object description when wrong language code was specified. Fixed.

[!] REST API: Orders: Some order data could be lost when an order status was updated via the API. Fixed.

[!] Sales reports: Some products and categories were duplicated in the reports by number of products. Fixed.

[!] Shipping methods: UPS: Address field wasn't passed to UPS correctly, so residential rates always applied. Fixed.

[!] Shipping methods: USPS: PHP Notices occurred during the calculation of international delivery costs. Fixed.

[!] Upgrade Center: Store upgrade failed with an error if port 80 was not configured on the server. Fixed.

[!] WYSIWYG editor: TinyMCE: In some cases, editor initialization could break JS. Fixed.
