************************
CS-Cart 4.10.2 Changelog
************************

=============================
New Features and Improvements
=============================

[+] Add-ons: Product variations: Edit selected: Variation name and features are now displayed on the bulk editing page.

[+] Add-ons: Product variations: Performance of the category page with variations on the storefront improved.

[+] Checkout: Proper parsing of first name and last name of a customer based on the respective profile fields' positions in the Customer's information block added.

[+] Checkout: The ability to change the order of fields in the "Deliver to" block and add extra fields there was added.

[+] Checkout: The ability to specify billing address was returned.

[+] Design: Blocks: Social links: YouTube icon was added.

[+] Order management: Products: The order editing page now shows product images and codes.

[+] WYSIWYG: Ability to insert blocks into content of pages and descriptions of products added.

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Add-ons: Product variations: A default variation is now available both via a standard URL and a URL with the "variation_id" parameter.

[*] Add-ons: Product variations: Now if a customer has selected a variant for a feature, it won't be reset when the customer selects a variant for another feature.

[*] Add-ons: Product variations: The product feature variants that have equal positions are now sorted by name in the сreate new products dialog.

[*] Add-ons: Product variations: The product feature variants that have equal positions are now sorted by name.

[*] Add-ons: Searchanise: The search now works even during forced reindexation.

[*] Core: Logs: The maximum possible number of records in logs was increased.

[*] Core: Storage: CDN: Amazon SDK library was updated to version 3.99.

[*] Payment methods: QB Merchant Service: Payment method was updated to support OAuth 2.0.

[*] Payment methods: Realex renamed to  Global Payments; support of 3D secure 2 added for compliance with PSD2.

[*] Payment methods: eWay: The card number and CVV2  no longer end up in the database at any time. Fixed.

[*] Products: Edit selected: Product thumbnails are now displayed on the bulk editing page.

[*] Social login: Library version was updated to support LinkedIn Api v2.

=========
Bug Fixes
=========

[!] Add-ons: Blog: Changing blog branch was impossible. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Data feeds: Google export: Promotions: Wrong price was exported to data feed when product's in-stock quantity was 0. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Gift certificates: A PHP Warning could occur when an order was placed with the gift certificate that had already been already used. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Newsletters: Errors were recorded in the browser console when two or more mailing lists were displayed on the profile editing page. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal payments: RMA: Refund via PayPal resulted in an error, and the order status wasn't changed automatically. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal payments: The payment surcharge was not calculated after Express Checkout from the cart page. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product variations: Update of product feature could lead to broken product variations if existing variations were not assigned to new feature categories. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: QuickBooks: IIF file generated by CS-Cart couldn't be imported into QuickBooks 2019. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Reward points: The displayed order total was not updated after reward points were applied. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: It was impossible to change SEO name of a link. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stripe: New payment method to accept payments via credit cards, Google Pay and Apple Pay added.

[!] Add-ons: Suppliers: Sharing: Shared supplier could be configured to use shipping methods that are unavailable for its storefronts. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Suppliers: Sharing: Shipping methods could be removed from a shared supplier when the supplier was edited in any mode other than "All stores". Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Video tutorials: Dashboard: Hidden container with video frame did not showing. Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: Clicking on a root menu item resulted in all the submenus getting opened. Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: Select2: The 'Nothing found' language variable was missing. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Guest order was not placed if ReCaptcha shown only login form. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Phone: Some phone formats from various countries weren't supported. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Shipping cost wasn't recalculated when customer's rate area was changed. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: The button for clearing the city field was not displayed. Fixed.

[!] Core: Add-ons: Schema 4.0: Add-ons that used schema 4.0 couldn't be deleted when disabled. Fixed.

[!] Core: Image galleries: OwlCarousel: Navigation arrows were missing on in the image gallery on the product page at the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Design: Admin panel: Bulk product editing: One of the checkboxes for assigning categories to products in bulk was displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Design: Detailed product page: Preview: The width adjustment did not work for the product image preview. Fixed.

[!] Design: Hooks: There were typos in the names of two TPL hooks. Fixed.

[!] Design: Products: Edit selected: An empty are was displayed on the page for updating products. Fixed.

[!] Design: There were typos in some templates. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: Features: When a feature was imported, it could have categories from another storefront. Fixed.

[!] File editor: File editor did not work with custom languages. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Marketplace administrator could change the quantity of a common product. That could lead to the product being shown as out of stock, even though vendors had it. Fixed; now administrators can't change the quantity of a common product.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus:Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Vendors' offers of a common product had the creation date of the common product. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: PayPal Adaptive Payments: The CRON link in the add-on settings was wrong. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: Product variations: Multiple PHP notices occurred after opening a product with the Pending status. Fixed.

[!] Orders: A PHP Error occurred when a customer tried to pay for order again. Fixed.

[!] Payment methods: eWay: A payment did not go through. Fixed.

[!] Products: Bulk editing: Main category was lost if it was changed during bulk editing. Fixed.

[!] Products: Features: Shared product features did not appear at new storefront. Fixed.

[!] Storefronts: Redirect from WWW to the storefront did not work. Fixed.

[!] User groups: Privileges: Administrator could create an order by copying it without proper rights. Fixed.

[!] WYSIWYG: Visual editors didn't switch to the RTL mode when an RTL language was selected. Fixed.
