************************
CS-Cart 4.15.1 Changelog
************************

=============================
New Features and Improvements
=============================

[+] Add-ons: Advanced products import: The ability to use archives with images was added.

[+] Add-ons: Advanced products import: The ability to download an example of an import preset was added.

[+] Add-ons: GDPR Compliance (EU): Request and fixation of consent to the individual cookie setting were added.

[+] Add-ons: Integration with Zapier was added.

[+] Add-ons: Import from Shopify: A new add-on for importing products from Shopify was added.

[+] Add-ons: Price per unit add-on, that allows you to show price per milliliter, gram, etc., as required by EU regulations, was added.

[+] Add-ons: Product Variations: The setting to make all variations in a group count as one product for quantity discount calculation was added.

[+] Add-ons: Product reviews: The ability to import and export product reviews in the admin panel was added.

[+] API: The ability to create products without passing the category was added.

[+] API: The ability to return product description on the product list was added.

[+] Design: The ability to load svg images for logos was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: Products: Display of changed product fields was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Privileges: Privilege to merge vendors was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Vendor Privileges: Privileges: Privilege for managing user groups with the "Vendor" type was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Information about each vendor shipping was added to the product page.

[+] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: The ability to designate a storefront that is accessible to administrators was added.

[+] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Add-ons: Warehouses: Products return to the warehouses they were taken from.

[+] Privileges: Privileges for managing user groups with the "Administrator" type and for using advanced HTML in the content were added.

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Add-ons: Suppliers: Add-on marked as deprecated.

[*] Add-ons: Access restrictions: IPv6 support was added.

[*] Add-ons: Product bundles: Layout for SEO requirements was optimized.

[*] Admin panel: Payment methods: The order of the fields was changed.

[*] Core: Minimal PHP version requirement bumped from 5.6.0 to 7.1.0, PHP 8.0 support was added.

[*] Core: The Smarty library was updated to version 4.1.0

[*] Phone mask: A new mask for Indonesia was added, and the list of phone masks was updated.

[*] Products: Features: Options: The button for more convenient variant addition when editing a feature or option appeared.

[*] Profile fields: Phone: Phone autofill was disabled for Safari browser because it was not working correctly.

[*] Storefronts: Currencies: The ability to change the default storefront currency was added.

=========
Bug Fixes
=========

[!] Add-ons: Access restrictions: IP address was not blocked when authorizing through a pop-up window. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: If there are several CDATA tags in one XML node, only the last tag was taken into account. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: It was impossible to upload some files for the import from the remote servers. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: The value of the "Images delimiter" field did not change when importing XML files. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Call requests: After clicking on the "Buy now with 1-click" button, the order was not created. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Hook handlers in add-ons using add-on schema v4 could be called incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Landing pages from Tilda: Сontent of Tilda page might not be displayed on the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Maps and geolocation: Shipping cost could not be estimated for products with mandatory file type options. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Message center: Links in the first message of the dialog were displayed as text. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product bundles: Bundle could be hidden because of insufficiency of product even if this product inventory was not tracked. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product bundles: The description of the bundle was not saved if the field value was empty when saving. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Bundles: Bundle was displayed at storefront even after the end of accessibility period. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product bundles: Discount could not be applied if product had zero price and mandatory pay options. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Out of stock variations could be hidden on the storefront when "Show all possible feature variants" setting was active. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Promotions: Variation product could not be discounted as promotion bonus in some cases. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Features: Product variations could be created based on a feature that is not available for the product category. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Options: Unavailable combinations of options were not applied to child variations. Fixed

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: With numerous features, the variation list was overflowed. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: RMA: Unauthorized customer could not see created return requests. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: RetailCRM: Suppliers: Shipping methods were duplicated when syncing orders with products from suppliers. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: "Identifier "view" is not defined" error occurred during checkout. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: Relevance sorting was not applied on the results page when an empty query was entered in the Instant Search Widget. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: Storefront: When storefront's URL was specified with port, all SEO links on the storefront could not work. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: The title on the category page was not updated when going to a new page. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Social buttons: Social buttons were sometimes not displayed on mobile devices. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stores and pickup points: PHP notice appeared if the rate area for all countries was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stripe payments: Sometimes when paying for Google or Apple Pay, money was debited and the order was not created. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stripe payments: Stripe Connect payments: When entering an incorrect card number, the checkout page could freeze. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Wish List: The list of pending products on several devices was not synchronized when deleting products from the list. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Watermarks: Watermark could be applied to a logo if the image of the product and the logo had the same title. Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: If an administrator was logged in via the storefront, then when going to the admin panel through via the bottom toolbar, this administrator had to re-enter the username and password. Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: Bottom toolbar: There was an incorrect redirect to the storefront from the product list page and category update page. Fixed.

[!] Admin panel: Customers: Search: An error occurred when entering text data without numbers when searching by phone number. Fixed.

[!] API: Orders: When creating an order with a product with disabled options, the values of the options were included in the order. Fixed.

[!] Block manager: Due to an incorrect redirect_url in the blocks that were embedded in the page content, the remaining blocks were not updated. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: It was possible to place an order without paying for delivery. Fixed.

[!] Context menu: In the context menu, the percentage price calculation was incorrect. Fixed.

[!] Design: Languages: Language icons without a dropdown list were not displayed. Fixed.

[!] Design: Layouts: If the wrapper had a form, then block forms didn't work. Fixed.

[!] Design: Layouts: Some blocks in layout sections could have wrong width. Fixed.

[!] Design: Mobile view: Product image gallery in the "The Big picture" template and preloader icon on the checkout page were not centered on the screen. Fixed.

[!] Design: Product Filters: The price slider in product filters was displayed incorrectly in RTL languages. Fixed.

[!] Design: RTL: Some icons may not display correctly. Fixed.

[!] Document Editor: The translation of the snippet name was not displayed in the documents. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: The "Set quantity of all products to zero" option did not work. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: In some cases import of Features could create duplicates of feature variants. Fixed

[!] File Editor: In CS-Cart most of the files were not available in the File editor. Fixed

[!] Hooks: The "orders:list_extra_links" hook was duplicated on the storefront list page. Fixed.

[!] Languages: Product features: Information about categories was displayed in the language selected for the admin panel. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: Home screen was blank on startup. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: The language variable was not updated after the upgrade. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: Search worked in limited mode. Fixed.

[!] Mobile pplication: Add-ons: Product reviews: Admin comments were not displayed on the product page. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Advanced products import: Vendor data premoderation: Existing product could be put on moderation as the new ones after import. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: Maps and geolocation: When previewing product on moderation, PHP error notices were displayed. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premodetation: Product after first disapproving could never be sent to moderation again if approval of product info updates wasn't required. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor panel configurator: Menu items with language and currency selection did not work on mobile devices in the vendor panel menu. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor plans: Vendors could choose a plan that was not available to them. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor plans: Vendor created in the admin panel wasn't assigned to the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor plans: In some cases, the text for the vendor plans was overflowing. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor-to-admin payments: The language in which the auto-comment was created was taken from the default language, instead of the language from the company settings. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Searchanise: The sync request queue was not reset after pressing the "Force re-indexation" button. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: Sometimes when paying with a card with 3-D Secure enabled, money was debited and the order was not created. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: When 3-D Secure was enabled, the marketplace fee was calculated incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Design: Vendors: The width of the first column was incorrect on the vendor list page. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Features: Vendors could see the "Save" button when viewing common features. Fixed. 

[!] Multi-Vendor: Features: Vendors could see the "Remove" button for categories of common features. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Categories: An error could occur when a category ID that does not exist in the store was entered in the address bar. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: If a vendor logged in via the storefront, then when going to the vendor panel via the "Admin panel" button in the account pop-up window, this vendor had to re-enter the username and password.  Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Orders: The order could be considered paid before the payment process began. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Promotions: Promotion with specified product in the condition could stop applying to cart after updating. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: All product variations were added to the wish list instead of a single variation. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: The product was incorrectly added to the cart with the "Track inventory" setting disabled and "Buy a default common product" enabled. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: The "Add to cart" button in some cases didn't work for best offer. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: There could be errors on the storefront with disabled vendor offers. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Values of features for common product and vendor offers wasn't shown in the vendor panel. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: In the HTML code of the "And other offers" link, the attribute was not replaced by a value and remained in the product detail page code. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Offers of common products were available for choosing in manually product block although they were not displayed in this block on the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Bestsellers & On-Sale Products: Products were not displayed in the "Bestsellers" block and on the page with bestsellers. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common products: Filters: Common products were hidden in the filter by vendor results. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct Customer-to-Vendor Payments: Vendor catalog promotion could be applied to other vendor's products. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Add-ons: Order fulfillment by marketplace: Stores and pickup points: Stores could not be seen on the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Notifications: Emails: The logo was not clickable. Fixed.

[!] Orders: Order statuses: The invoice and credit notification numbers were not displayed on the order list page. Fixed.

[!] Payment methods: The database request was made incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Products: Features: When saving a feature with variants, the redirect returned to the page of the current feature. Fixed.

[!] Products: Features: A variant of another feature was added to the product. Fixed.

[!] Products: Filters: Some filters created via the context menu in the list of features were not displayed on the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Products: Options: Notification of unsaved data was not displayed when adding options. Fixed.

[!] Products: Out of stock: When changing the "Out of stock" option the quantity of goods was reset to zero. Fixed.

[!] Products: The alert about unsaved changes was not displayed when reloading the page after creating a feature on the product editing page. Fixed.

[!] Profile fields: An error appeared when uploading files to the profile. Fixed.

[!] Profiles: Selecting the year of birth worked incorrectly on the profile editing page on the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Promotions: When creating a promotion with a condition on a product with the selected options, a PHP notice occurred. Fixed.

[!] Rate areas: The disabled regions remained available for setting rate areas. Fixed.

[!] RTL: Currencies: Displaying the amount after the currency did not work. Fixed.

[!] RTL: Notifications: E-mail: The phone number was displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Taxes: Tax exempt status didn't affect taxes included into price. Fixed.

[!] Taxes: Tax amount was included into product subtotal and order shipping fixed cost when using unit price based tax calculation method. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Add-ons: Warehouses: Product Variations: Product amount was saved incorrectly for variation products. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Add-ons: Warehouses: Store or warehouses could not have more than 88 shipping destination areas. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Storefronts: In some cases, the storefront selection was displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Storefronts: Currencies: Languages: Storefront could be created without active currencies and languages. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Storefronts: With an extended search for storefronts, unnecessary pagination appeared. Fixed.

[!] User groups: Filters: Administrators with the "View only" privilege for filters could see the "Remove" button for filter categories. Fixed.

[!] Users: Add-ons: The storefront administrator could change the status of the add-on, delete and install the addon. Fixed.

[!] Users: Profiles: It was not possible to make the "State" field mandatory during checkout or profile update/registration. Fixed.



=============
Service Packs
=============

----------
4.15.1.SP1
----------

[!] Add-ons: PayPal payments: Taxes: If in the admin panel the tax calculation was set to the unit price and price didn't include tax, then the order amount didn't include tax while paying via PayPal. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Price per unit: It was impossible to export/import the "Unit name" field. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: PayPal Commerce Platform: Stripe Connect payments: A PHP error occurred on the order details page. Fixed.

[!] Order management: The product discount was applied every time the order was changed. Fixed.

[!] Products: Features: Administrator couldn't add variants to an existing feature in a popup. Fixed.

----------
4.15.1.SP2
----------

[!] Export/Import: Product import could cause a database error. Fixed.

----------
4.15.1.SP3
----------

[!] Security: The vulnerability could allow anyone with access to the admin or vendor panel and the block editing privilege to gain unauthorized access to the server. Fixed.

.. note::

    As a token of gratitude, we'd like to mention the partner who discovered this issue. The company is called `ASAP Lab <https://asaplab.io>`_. They specialise in servers, performance, and security. Not only do they regularly check CS-Cart code for vulnerabilities, but they can also `check your entire project, including server configuration, third-party add-ons, etc. <https://marketplace.cs-cart.com/security-audit.html>`_