************************
CS-Cart 4.17.1 Changelog
************************

=============================
New Features and Improvements
=============================

[+] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Promotions: Added display of discounts from promotions on the catalog in the storefront.

[+] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: PayPal Commerce Platform: Added information on how to get PayPal integration code directly from the payment method setup.

[+] Products: Object picker: Quantity and vendor of the product have been added to the item selection.

[+] Settings: Appearance: The "Phone number with country selection" option for the "Supported phone numbers" setting was added.

[+] UI / UX: Languages: Multilingual field indicator for some pages was added.

[+] Upgrade Center: Added filtering for add-on upgrades by add-on status and developer.

[+] Upgrade Center: CS-Cart now checks the Add-on Market and warns you if your add-ons aren't compatible with a new CS-Cart version yet.

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Added the display of the old price of the product offer when a promotion is active.

[*] Design: The format setting for language block settings was renamed.

[*] Help center: The spacing between blocks was increased, and the heading has been moved.

[*] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor panel configurator:  Usergroups: Privileges: Privilege "Vendors: Can edit" is now used for log in as vendor from admin panel. It also allows editing vendor panel.

[*] Profiles: Administrators: New attributes added in the admin list: "main admin" and "main admin for storefront".

[*] Security: File editor: File uploading security was improved.

[*] Shipping methods: Rate areas: Rate area is now displayed at the test rate calculation tab.

[*] Shipping: USPS: Updated First-Class Package service.

[*] Theme editor: Google fonts are now hosted locally.

[*] WYSIWYG: TinyMCE was updated to version 4.7.10.

[*] Add-ons: GDPR Compliance (EU): The terms of use tooltip has been replaced with a popup.

[*] Multi-Vendor: Vendors: Languages: Ability to translate vendor name, address and city added. Translations are displayed on the storefront and within email notifications.

[*] Upgrade Center: All add-on upgrades now follow a similar naming convention: add-on name and version number.

[*] Upgrade Center: Notifications about the available upgrades improved.

[*] Core: Minimal PHP version requirement bumped from 7.1.0 to 7.2.5, PHP 8.1 support was added.

=========
Bug Fixes
=========

[!] Abandoned / Live carts: If the currency thousands separator was a space, a total value could break. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products Import: While changing an import preset name, the value was saved for only the previously defined language of the page description. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: Export/Import: Import of product description preformatted  in HTML was adding the <br /> tag to the new lines. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Advanced products import: Message center: An error was displayed when calling "Contact administrator" on the preset page. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Age verification: System required age verification from an administrator with a given birthday. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Call requests: Long order statuses were displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Cities: Cities could not be attached to any state that had state code longer than 9 symbols. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for vendors: Product options: The Buy a default common product setting did not work correctly with the product options. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for vendors: Vendor locations: Common products were displayed in all categories. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Google reCAPTCHA: There was no way to enable the reCAPTCHA for Email Marketing subscription form. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: GDPR Compliance (EU): Some JS scripts were not loaded if "Cookie consent" setting was set to "None". Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: GDPR: Google reCAPTCHA: reCAPTCHA was not working with explicit cookie consent. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Maps and geolocation: If the "Customer location" block was added on the checkout page, then the page reloaded infinite. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Maps and geolocation: When loading Google maps, a warning was shown in the console about the need for the callback function. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Maps and geolocation: Yandex Maps were returning name of the locality along with its type. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Mobile application: Languages: Products and features were not displayed in the selected language for the vendor. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Newsletters: It was possible to set the autoresponder status to "Sent", which resulted in empty emails being sent. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: PayPal Commerce Platform: Stripe Connect Payments: Accounting: When money was refunded from a vendor’s account via PayPal Commerce Platform or Stripe Connect, it was listed as if the vendor also owed that sum to the marketplace. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Payment Dependencies: Vendor panel: Vendors were able to use disabled payment methods while creating new shipping method. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Reviews: The rating filter did not work. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: The product's URL was not changed when a product variation was selected. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Advanced products import: Features: Even if feature was disabled, new variations could be generated for it. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Disabled variations were displayed on the storefront and were available for adding to the cart. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: In some cases add-on could incorrectly modify the SQL query, thus causing an error. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Product Variations: Social buttons: The social buttons disappeared when the product variation was switched. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: RMA: Information about returned products got lost from the administration panel once products' return period expired. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Social login: An error occurred when authenticating via Twitter. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stores and pickup points: Maps and geolocation: "Pickup" shipping method was not displayed on product page separately by default. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stripe payments: If a negative response is received from the payment system during the payment of an order, the order is created with the status 'Open'. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Stripe payments: The shopping cart was cleared when entering an incorrect CVC code and reloading the checkout page. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Vendor privileges: Vendors were able to update shipment status despite user group restriction. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Profile fields: Entered phone field value could be reset after page reload in some cases. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Profile fields: In the Safari browser, the phone field error message could be incorrect. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Promotions: Product discount wasn't displayed on checkout page within "Order summary" block. Fixed.

[!] Checkout: Shipping methods: In some cases, the shipping method might not be displayed if the weight limit and product weight were set to three decimal places. Fixed.

[!] Design: Features: Brands: Large text in the description had small line spacing. Fixed.

[!] Design: Promotions: In the promotion condition, in the product feature selection field, the entered text was partially not visible. Fixed.

[!] Documents: Storefront url was always displayed with HTTP protocol in c.storefront variable. Fixed.

[!] Import: On some occasions, some features may have been missed during import. Fixed.

[!] Layouts: When switching the layout on the product and website pages, the error was displayed. Fixed.

[!] Mobile app: Languages: Some language variables were missed. Fixed.

[!] Mobile app: Sign in icon with Apple ID was too small. Fixed.

[!] Mobile app: Some interface elements did not work correctly in RTL mode. Fixed.

[!] Mobile app: There was no notification that the amount of an item in the cart was reduced to the amount of an item in stock. Fixed.

[!] Mobile app: Wrong redirect when recovering password. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: Product reviews: When adding a review, the error messages could not be changed. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: Products: Products in blocks could be sorted incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Mobile application: Vendors: Languages: When editing a product, the categories were not displayed in the selected language. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Bestsellers: Offers without discounts were displayed on the list of discounted products. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Product Variations: Product variations were displayed as out of stock in a product quick view. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for Vendors: Product filters: The price filter did not take into account the current price of the common product after placing an order. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common Products for vendors: Product options: The Buy a default common product setting did not work correctly with the product options. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Common products for Vendors: Product Variations: Storefronts: In some cases, the product was not displayed in the list of products of the category. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Plus: Add-ons: Direct Customer-to-Vendor Payments: Common Products for Vendors: In some cases, when working with common products, the distribution of products in the order by vendors was incorrectly performed. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Add-ons: Order fulfillment by marketplace: Stores and pickup points: Chosen pickup point was not displayed on order detailed page. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Categories: Storefronts: On the category update page, when the storefront was selected, categories of other storefronts could be displayed in the "Location" field. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Email notifications: Storefronts assigned to admins were not taken into account when sending email notifications. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Order management: Storefronts: Vendors were able to assign an order to an unavailable storefront. Fixed

[!] Multi-Vendor Ultimate: Pages: Storefronts: Pages owned by the vendor were displayed on the storefront that was not accessible to that vendor. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Common products for vendors: In some cases, the promotions was incorrectly displayed on the common product page. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Landing pages from Tilda: Vendors: Vendor administrators were unable to view pages from Tilda at the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: An error occurred when placing an order if Norwegian was used in the storefront. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: Funds were not transfered to vendor if payment was done with "delayed notifications" payment methods like SEPA, Sofort, etc. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: Incorrect order amount was sent to Stripe if zero-decimal currencies was used. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Stripe Connect payments: Promotions: Vendor balance was calculated incorrectly after refund via Stripe if promotions was used for the order. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor Locations [Beta]: Common products for vendors: Product filters: Filters for common products did not work correctly in some cases. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor data premoderation: Common Products for Vendors: Product that was not yet approved by administrator could be made common. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor panel configurator: Vendor privileges: Usergroups: Vendor privileges affected the ability to edit a vendor panel by administrator. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor plans: Vendor panel: The vendor plan description was displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Add-ons: Vendor-to-admin payments: The add-on could cause PHP fatal error in third party themes and add-ons. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Categories: Picker: The expanded list of categories displayed categories unavailable to the vendor when creating and editing the product. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Email notifications: New vendor details link in email notifications didn't work. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Logos: Vendors: When creating a vendor through the administration panel, the logo of the last edited storefront was assigned to him. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Marketplace setup wizard: Vendor locations: The "Let vendors set their location on Google Maps" setting couldn't be turned on. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Products: Data loading on scroll did not work in the vendor dropdown list. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Storefronts: Vendor panel: There was an incorrect redirect to the storefront through the bottom menu of the vendor panel. Fixed

[!] Multi-Vendor: Vendor panel: The close icon was not displayed in the mobile layout of the pop-up window. Fixed

[!] Onboarding: The proportions of the video may have been broken. Fixed.

[!] Order management: In some cases, when adding a product to an order, an error occurred in PHP 8. Fixed.

[!] Orders: Search: In the admin panel, it was not possible to find orders in the incomplete status by order ID. Fixed.

[!] Orders: In some cases multiple orders with the same identifiers could be created. Fixed.

[!] Payments: PayPal Payments: Payflow: Incorrect name value was displayed in the request. Fixed.

[!] Product filters: Payments: After removing filters and payment methods, the counter of selected objects was not reset. Fixed.

[!] Products: Edit selected: Features: The feature selection was not active when the page was loading. Fixed.

[!] Products: Options: When cloning a variant of an option, the image alternative text was cloned incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Products: The products page without a category opened with an error. Fixed.

[!] Sales reports: At some zoom levels, products weren't loaded in reports. Fixed.

[!] Settings: Products: Global setting "Track inventory" was not taken into account in some cases for product list. Fixed.

[!] Storefronts: Regions: Pages of the regional storefront with redirect enabled might not be indexed by crawlers. Fixed.

[!] Ultimate: Add-ons: Stripe: An order made from an additional storefront might not change its status after successful payment. Fixed.

[!] Upgrade center: Languages: Step with upgrading the language packs may take too much time during the installation's upgrade. Fixed.

[!] Upgrade center: Upgrades could result in error, if "MyISAM" was disabled on server. Fixed.

[!] Upgrade center: When updating add-ons, 0 was substituted to the add-on's number in the console. Fixed.

[!] Upgrade Center: The upgrade of the CS-Cart platform itself could end up at the bottom of the list. Fixed.
