***********************
CS-Cart 4.3.2 Changelog
***********************

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Add-ons: Gift certificates: Ability to apply a gift certificate with free products to empty cart added.

[*] API: DELETE-request: Response format changed. If the request is successful, the response has "status 204".

[*] Core: PHP fatal errors are now being caught—the "Service unavailable" page will appear in case of a fatal error.

[*] Core: PHP non-fatal errors, warnings and notices are being caught and properly formatted now (in development mode only).

[*] Filters: Ability to show product filters on the home page added.

[*] Shippings: UPS: Ability to use the Delivery confirmation option for a package added.

[*] Users: The "Act of behalf" functionality is available for store admins now.

========
Bugfixes
========

[!] Add-ons: Blog: If a blog had over 50 posts, the list of posts was not loaded in the admin panel. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Call requests: If several Call requests blocks were added to the storefront, they worked incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Searchanise: Search in the storefront didn't work with the Searchanise add-on enabled. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: Canonical URL didn't lead to first page, if pagination was used. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: SEO: Categories: Multi-Vendor: Category deletion caused database error. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Social login: When a user signed in via the Facebook account, a facebook login permissions error occured. Fixed.

[!] Backup: DataKeeper: Path to backup files was wrong. Fixed.

[!] Backup: There was no ability to upload a new backup file, if the "backups" folder was not created beforehand. Fixed.

[!] Currencies: Exchange rates were not visible when HTTPS was used. Fixed.

[!] Currencies: Hidden currency was used in the order search form in a customer's profile. Fixed.

[!] Design: If there was only one block on the page, the page title was used as the block title. Fixed.

[!] Design: On-site template editing: The restore template functionalty restored templates from the basic theme. Fixed.

[!] Design: Product filters: The filters expand icon didn't change on mobile devices when a user hid and expanded filters. Fixed.

[!] Design: Product tabs: The Description tab was displayed, if the description wasn't specified. Fixed.

[!] Exim: Option variants that had non-integer numbers exported incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] Exim: Product images: company_id wasn't taken into account during export. Fixed.

[!] Exim: Products: A PHP error appeared during import, if the 'update_only' flag was used in the scheme. Fixed.

[!] Hooks: Some of the hooks didn't work when the "fn_set_hook" call was performed at an add-on's "init.php" file. Fixed.

[!] Javascript: The "TypeError: moment is not a function" error appeared randomly. Fixed.

[!] Languages: Invoices: Language variable was wrong. Fixed.

[!] Locations: Chosen country/state was visible in the list of all available countries/states on the Editing location page. Fixed.

[!] Orders: Re-pay: Basic theme: Selected payment templates weren't being loaded when changing the payment method. Fixed.

[!] Payments: PayPal Pro: The "pp_product_count_is_incorrect" error message appeared, even if the transaction was successful. Fixed.

[!] Payments: PayPal: Transaction id, payer id and payer email information was not saved. Fixed.

[!] Products: Search: Products with option combinations couldn't be found using search form at the customer area when the "Show out of stock products" setting was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Promotions: Cart: Information about applied promotions wasn't displayed on the cart details page, if the Gift certificated add-on was disabled. Fixed.

[!] Security: SSL check wasn't executed when enabling secure connection for admin/storefront. Fixed.

[!] Shippings: The Configure tab was not updated when changing the carrier. Fixed.

[!] {#5672} Add-ons: Comments and reviews: The Write a review popup didn't appear on a product details page on mobile devices. Fixed.

[!] {#5698} Add-ons: Wish List: The Add to wish list button didn't work with enabled "Sign up for notification" setting. Fixed.

[!] {#5699} Add-ons: RSS: Timestamp was generated incorrectly, if RSS was generated for an empty category. Fixed.

[!] {#5701} Promotions: Orders: Multi-Vendor: Promotion based on the number of products in the order wasn't applied correctly, if the cart had products of different vendors. Fixed.

[!] {#5712} Design: Product filters: Horizontal filters were displayed incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] {#5716} Blocks: Scroller: Product scroller worked incorrectly. Fixed.

[!] {#5731} Core: Less: base64-encoded images were handled incorrectly when translating LESS to CSS. Fixed.

[!] {#5763} Design: Products: Thumbnails gallery: Thumbnail height was calculated incorrectly on a product details page. Fixed.
