***********************
CS-Cart 4.3.3 Changelog
***********************

=============================
New Features and Improvements
=============================

[+] Admin panel: Administration: Backup/Restore: Database size is now shown in the side panel.

[+] Hooks: New hook added to the regenerate_id method.

[+] Upgrade Center: MySQLi DB driver support implemented.

=====================
Functionality Changes
=====================

[*] Add-ons: Store import removed. 

========
Bugfixes
========

[!] Add-ons: Buy together: Combination price was not recalculated when changing options of the combinated products. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: Data feeds: Google export: A server error occurred when downloading a data feed created from a category. Fixed.

[!] Add-ons: PayPal: PayPal Express Checkout: Order total was overwritten with the shipping cost after IPN if the order contained a product with an option of the type File. Fixed.

[!] Anonymous checkout: It was impossible to register or log in on anonymous checkout after page refresh. Fixed.

[!] API: Products: An SQL error occurred when a product with repeating categories was created. Fixed.

[!] Banners: Image assignment could fail randonly. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: Images: Memory limit could be exceeded, which caused a fatal error. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: Images: The "Image URL" field was always filled with the detailed image URL even if a thumbnail existed. Fixed.

[!] Export/Import: Quantity discounts: The ult_product_prices table was not updated. Fixed.

[!] Multi-Vendor: Products: A PHP notice appeared when product's in-stock quantity was changed from 0 to 1 and a customer had been subscribed to the product. Fixed.

[!] Order management: If a user profile was automatically created with an order, they were not linked. Fixed.

[!] Order management: Order creation: Customer data could be cleared on form update. Fixed.

[!] Products: Backward compatibility was broken at "get_products" hook; there was no way to modify the $sortings list. Fixed.

[!] {#5591} Add-ons: Gift certificates: Free product could not be added with product options. Fixed.

[!] {#5633} Call requests: All vendors/storefronts could see requests from other vendors. Fixed.

[!] {#5714} Sales reports: Product name was too short. Fixed.

[!] {#5778} Design: Layouts: Block status was not changed from products, pages, etc. layout pages. Fixed.

[!] {#5779} Design: MtronX: Filters: Variant names disappeared after filtering by price. Fixed.

[!] {#5817} Design: Layouts: Categories: Subcategories were not shown in the menu on hover if the One-click dropdown wrapper was used. Fixed.

[!] {#5825} Admin panel: Search: Products: Extended search by product code didn't work. Fixed.
